Create Virtual Machine - Review Step (#241)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: web-console/knikubevirt/Create-vm/step-5-review/wizard-review.md

This encourages the user to check their settings quickly before creating the VM.

![user checks settings before creating vm](img/check-settings.png)

When the user clicks “Create virtual machine” they will then be taken to the list view where they can see the VM being started and the state of the VM as "Starting".

![vm is being started](img/vm-starting.png)

If there is an error when the VM is being created,the user would see this in the list view (status column) and is allowed to go back and make changes (edit) in the VM's detais page.

We need to distinguish between the "Try again" action that will resubmit whatever wasn’t successfully submitted (e.g. if start VM fails due to some scheduling constraints), and
the other action suggested “Edit VM’s setup” that will take the user to the Vm’s details page where they can change settings to fix whatever is needed.

UC: If the creation of the VM fails on the backend (e.g. some validation the frontend did not catch), it caused an error state and we want to enable the user to fix it. In this uc, the VM will not be shown in a row of the table because it does not exist, so there is no need of an error message.

> ![error state](img/error-popover.png)

Author: yes, thanks @rileyhuston

If the VM starts up successfully it will be reflected in the status column in the list view.
In case of an error, a toast notification will pop up to let the user know something has failed with the VM.

> ![alert toast notification](img/alert-toast-notification.png)

Reviewer: Right now for disk failures and that sort of thing we are using a prometheus alerting rule which would show an alert on the dashboard and on the alerts list. Should we do the same thing for this or would it be fine to do a one off toast until we have the notification designs figured out? @cshinn do you know if this type of thing would / should be monitored as a metric / alerting rule (any VMs created are probably pretty important to keep running, so I think yes)? If so, it seems like we should treat these the same as any other alert and show it on the health card on the dashboard, and in the alerts firing list (also the process could be shown on the ongoing processes / activity card and an error on the inventory card). Then once we have the notification drawer and a standard way of handling alerts as toasts / notifications, we could bring this back in. WDYT @lizsurette @matthewcarleton @cshinn @beanh66 @andybraren ?

Reviewer 2: +1 I think we will want to have consistency and it doesn't sound like these alerts are possible yet so this is more of a future design. It's a good point to consider in the meantime to ensure that alerts for VMs don't get overlooked.

# Create Virtual Machine Wizard - Review Step

> The purpose of this doc is to update the current create VM designs to align with OpenShift and Patternfly 4.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this line, it makes more sense for the google doc probably not need for github.

Some things to note:

The “Create virtual machine” action has been updated to “Review and create”.
Once the user has clicked this button they will taken to the Review screen to verify their settings.

![user clicks review and create button](img/review-and-create-action.png)

The action “Create virtual machine” has been moved to the footer with the other actions.
This encourages the user to check their settings quickly before creating the VM.

> ![user checks settings before creating vm](img/check-settings.png)

Reviewer 2: The action should be "Create virtual machine" now that we are located on the Review page. I also think we should remove the "next" button here now that our primary action is "Create virtual machine". I don't see a need for next disabled.

Reviewer: Agree about changing the button on the "Review" step and removing "next"

When the user clicks “Create virtual machine” they will then be taken to the list view where they can see the VM being started.

> This replaces the step where the modal is left opened and requires more clicks from the user. Leaving the modal open only allows them to watch the process in the list view, but they could not cancel it or go back.

Reviewer 2: we'll need to update this now since it's no longer in a modal. It would be good to get @jelkosz opinion here but I'd like to see the ability to go back and make changes if there is an error when the VM is being created. If we decide that the user is left with this screen until the creation completes then we should provide designs for both success and error here. I believe there are designs started for this approach already that would be useful here.

Reviewer 2: In this scenario too we could see a user clicking away via "Virtual machines" in the main navigation, if so I think they'd go to the list view and we could show the following screens that show the state of the VM as "Starting" or "Creating".

Reviewer 3: 1: I believe the user should be allowed to go back in case of error. We do not have it now but I would say it is more like bug than a feature :) 

2: I believe the edits should not be done in the wizard but in the details pages. We already have add/remove nic/disks and will have edit of description and flavor soon. I would find it very confusing to have also some other way how to edit this same things. I would vote for wizard for creation and than the edits in the VM details tabs.

Reviewer 2: @jelkosz ok, so to confirm they can go back and change anything they want while the Wizard is "opened" but as soon as they close it they edit through the details pages. I think that's the best solution for sure.

![vm is being started](img/vm-starting.png)

> If there is an error with the VM starting up they would see this in the list view with the option to look at the events or try again or go and edit the VM’s setup.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to go over this with @jelkosz to confirm each of these errors and ensure we can provide these capabilities. 
We have to ensure that both in the wizard flow and in the list view we can provide a similar experience. Would editing the VM details always be through the overview or can they make changes in the wizard flow as well by going back?
I think it would be helpful to @jelkosz for us to think about this and propose a design for it. WDYT?

UC: If the creation of the VM fails on the backend (e.g. some validation the frontend did not catch), it caused an error state and we want to enable the user to fix it.

We need to distinguish between the "Try again" action that will resubmit whatever wasn’t successfully submitted (e.g. if start VM fails due to some scheduling constraints), and
the other action suggested “Edit VM’s setup” that will take the user to the Vm’s details view where they can change settings to fix whatever is needed.

If the creation of the VM fails on the backend, the VM will not be shown in a row of the table because it does not exist, so there is no need of an error message.

![error state](img/error-popover.png)

> If the VM starts up the user will be notified in the list view to align with OpenShift. Otherwise there will be a toast notification to let them know something has failed with the VM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the VM starts up successfully it will be reflected in the status in the list view. If there is an error there will be a toast notification to let them know something has failed with the VM.
```

> ![alert toast notification](img/alert-toast-notification.png)

Reviewer 2: kebab icon is missing here :)
